there is a rivalry between LA and New
York which we may see exacerbated during
the World Series and I always enjoy that
rivalry it's fun so to get it going we
set up a camera crew on each coast we
ask kids in New York to talk about our
way and kids in LA to talk about New
York and well this is what those
children had to say
[Music]
what do you think is better New York or
LA how come Carlos what do you think is
better in New York or LA New York how
come what how come
were the best city in the world and no
explanation of things out what's better
LA or New York I'm like la Vega :
and my mom's sister my mom's brother
here what's better in New York or LA
definitely in New York how come because
we are not the Kardashians
thing about why are people so fat in New
York eaten cakes what do you think is
better New York or LA New York how come
because in LA all they have is just fake
food in New York it's real food who's in
charge of New York
God who runs la my mom runs errands and
what's the capital of New York no okay
who owns the city of New York
who drinks more beer people in New York
or LA really people from New York life
to get pretty drunk yes why is that to
make their feelings go away about bad
things hi how are you what kinds of
things to people in New York stay all
the time can you do an impression of
someone from LA I'm gonna go hiking
today yes sir can you do an impression
of someone from LA oh my god Stacy I
just stopped my butt left oh my god
Tracy I just
which Wednesday oh my god I just can't
believe it
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die